Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/belgrave-place,

Belgrave Place, Belgravia,SW1X, Belgrave Place,Belgravia,SW1X, Spectacular three-bedroom lateral apartment with two terraces in the heart of Belgravia, £8,950,000, Asking price, $11,543,680, €10,650,430, ¥1,776,916,926, AED 42,399,938, SAR 43,304,512, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 3, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 3,474, sq ft, 322, sqm, Outdoor, 610, sq ft, EPC, C, Tenure, Leasehold, Length of lease left:173 years, Ground rent:£0 p/y, Service charge:£0 p/y, Council Tax, Westminster City,H, Map, Floorplan, Entrance Hall, The Property, Meticulously refurbished triplex flat with lofty interiors in a white stucco townhouse on a prestigious street, Terrace, Drawing Room, Drawing Room, Terrace, Drawing Room, Drawing Room, Indoor Spaces, Stepping into the property on the ground floor, the front door opens onto a grand staircase hall. Double doors lead through to a lofty drawing room with full length sash windows, an ornate cornice and a carved feature fireplace. This room has enough space for separate dining and seating areas, while the fitted kitchen is conveniently positioned next door. The first floor features an informal sitting room that could also be used as a home office. Double French doors open out onto a pair of terraces, ensuring this room is bright throughout the day., 

Kitchen, Dining Room, Sitting Room, Kitchen, Dining Room, Sitting Room, The Bedrooms, The lower ground floor consists of three double bedrooms. The substantial principal bedroom has a walk-in wardrobe and an ensuite bathroom with both shower and bath. The other two bedrooms are also ensuite and both have inbuilt storage. This floor also contains a well-appointed utility room with additional storage., 

Principal Bedroom, Outdoor Spaces, The flat includes a pair of terraces, one of them with wooden decking and enough room for outdoor entertaining. The property also has access to a storage vault., 

Terrace, The Design, The property has been recently refurbished to an exceptionally high standard. The interiors blend classical and contemporary design details to create sophisticated and opulent spaces., 

The Neighbourhood, Belgrave Place is a prestigious street running between Eaton Square and Belgrave Square. It is lined with large, white stucco townhouses built in the mid-nineteenth century. From here, the exceptional restaurants and shops of Chelsea and Knightsbridge are within walking distance. Sloane Square and Victoria underground stations are also nearby.,