Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/brunswick-gardens-3,

Brunswick Gardens, Kensington,W8, Brunswick Gardens,Kensington,W8, Exquisite Kensington House with spectacular bespoke stone staircase, £9,750,000, Asking price, $12,575,518, €11,602,424, ¥1,935,747,489, AED 46,189,876, SAR 47,175,306, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 5, Bathrooms, 4, Internal, 3,196, sq ft, 296, sqm, Outdoor, 767, sq ft, EPC, D, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/Cq9iFN1bijJiHcMeNO_lMaixwEQ=/13236/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/MDP2725_-_Brunswick_Gardens_W8-2_uEFX1Xh.jpg, The Property, Recently renovated five bedroom property close to Notting Hill Gate station with light-filled rooms designed by Michaelis Boyd., 

Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the raised ground floor, the entrance hall leads through to a well-proportioned reception room. This room includes high ceilings and a south-facing bay window bringing in additional light. It also communicates with an open-plan kitchen with a central island and informal eating area., 

The lower ground floor centres on another reception room, which can be used as a family television room. In addition, this floor contains a pair of bedrooms, both ensuite, and both with French doors leading out onto patios. Finally, there is a utility room, a plant room and a guest WC., 

Entertaining Spaces, The first floor consists of formal reception room with enough space for separate dining and seating areas. In addition, this floor contains a study on the half landing leading out onto a terrace., 

The Bedrooms, The second floor is entirely occupied by the principal bedroom suite, which consists of a dressing room, a bathroom with a free-standing bathtub, and a bedroom. Finally, the third floor contains a pair of bedrooms sharing a bathroom., 

Outdoor Spaces, The first floor features a terrace and three balconies, one of them south-facing. The second floor includes a second terrace, this one with views of the street. Furthermore, the lower ground floor offers a courtyard garden and a further patio., 

The Design, The house has been recently renovated and is presented in immaculate condition. It was designed by the respected architecture firm Michaelis Boyd, and centres on a beautiful cantilever staircase of Portuguese limestone by the celebrated stonemason Ian Knapper. In addition, there is underfloor heating and air conditioning throughout., 

Read more about the architects design process here., 

The Neighbourhood, Brunswick Gardens is a tree-lined street in Kensington with white stucco houses built in the 1850s and 1860s. This is a central and sought-after locations, kept safe thanks to neighbourhood security patrols. Notting Hill Gate underground station is a short walk away, and so too the open spaces of Kensington Gardens and Holland Park. In addition, the area is well-served by restaurants, bars and shops, with Portobello Road and Kensington High Street both in easy reach.,