Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/cadogan-square,

Cadogan Square, Knightsbridge,SW1X, Cadogan Square,Knightsbridge,SW1X, Magnificent mansion with a rear mews on a grand garden square in Knightsbridge, £17,500,000, Asking price, $22,571,442, €20,824,864, ¥3,474,418,569, AED 82,904,906, SAR 84,673,627, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 7, Bathrooms, 7, Internal, 8,400, sq ft, 780, sqm, Outdoor, 894, sq ft, EPC, G, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Grade II listed house with exceptional potential at one of London’s most prestigious addresses, The house was built in 1889, part of a terrace of three tall properties constructed from red brick with stone dressings. Its late Victorian design shows elements of Arts and Crafts, with mullioned and transomed windows, and bays stretching over several storeys. Within, much of the original panelling, fireplaces, and moulding remains., 

Drawing Room - CGI Image, Indoor Spaces, The property occupies five of the building’s seven total storeys. In addition, it connects through to Clabon Mews at the rear. The façade is Grade II listed, but the rear mews is unlisted., 

The ground floor has space for a front hall and study, as well as a staircase hallway and a generous kitchen. The first floor has an impressive pair of rooms ideally suited to a drawing room – offering views towards the garden square – and a dining room at the rear. Meanwhile, the upper storeys have enough space for a well-proportioned principal bedroom and numerous additional bedrooms. It also contains a lift., 

Kitchen - CGI Image, Bedroom - CGI Image, Kitchen - CGI Image, Bedroom - CGI Image, Development Opportunity, The property was midway through being renovated when work was suspended. Therefore, this is an exceptional opportunity to complete the renovation to the new owner’s personal vision and transform the interior into one of Knightsbridge’s most impressive houses., 

Outdoor Spaces, The house includes a first-floor front balcony and a third-floor roof terrace. There is the potential for another terrace at the rear of the ground floor. In addition, residents have the right to access the Cadogan Square communal gardens, with its sweeping lawns and tennis courts., 

Terrace - CGI Image, Terrace - CGI Image, The Neighbourhood, Cadogan Square was mostly constructed between 1877 and 1888. Its red brick houses and mansion flats with large gables were inspired by Dutch and Flemish architecture., 

The square has been home to several celebrated figures, including the actors Christopher Lee and Boris Karloff, and the writers Arnold Bennett and Martha Gelhorn. Today, Cadogan Square is one of the most desirable addresses in London. From here, the world-class restaurants and shops of Knightsbridge are close. In addition, both Knightsbridge and Sloane Square underground stations are within easy reach. Finally, Hill House and Sussex House schools are located on the square., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/kvdhKEqW4-Pn8FimxxSqz92dJsE=/14486/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/MDP2747_-_Cadogan_Square_SW1-2.jpg, Exterior,