Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/chester-square-2,

Chester Square, Belgravia,SW1W, Chester Square,Belgravia,SW1W, Outstanding Belgravia townhouse with garage, lift, sauna and spa on a prestigious and historic garden square, £25,000,000, Asking price, $32,244,917, €29,749,805, ¥4,963,455,099, AED 118,435,580, SAR 120,962,324, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 6, Bathrooms, 7, Internal, 6,007, sq ft, 558, sqm, Outdoor, –, EPC, C, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, Westminster City,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Grade II listed six bedroom white stucco family home with exceptional modernised interiors located on one of Belgravia’s most sought after garden squares., 

Stepping into the house on the ground floor, a grand entrance hall paved in marble flows through to an impressive dining room. High ceilings, oak parquet flooring, decorative plaster moulding, and a bespoke Regency fireplace give a sense of elegance to this space, and likewise the adjacent ante-room. Beyond lies a well-proportioned kitchen and breakfast room, with marble worktops and first-class appliances from Wolf and Sub-Zero., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/XPWpiYu3vmmZ1YVOrijMkecM3SE=/17705/fill-1440x960%7Cformat-webp/AWinship-8553-13.jpg, Dining Room, Kitchen, Dining Room, Kitchen, Indoor Spaces, The first floor is entirely occupied by a grand reception room. Double French doors lead out onto the south-east facing front balcony, filling the room with light and offering spectacular views over the square. In addition, a rear door opens onto the spacious a spacious outdoor kitchen on the terrace., 

Drawing Room, Principal Bedroom, The second floor contains a generous principal bedroom suite with a walk through wardrobe and an ensuite bathroom. The marble-lined bathroom offers underfloor heating and a free-standing bath. A further four ensuite bedrooms have been carefully arranged over the third and fourth floors., 

Principal Bedroom, Bathroom, Principal Bedroom, Bathroom, The Bedrooms, The lower ground floor is made up of a sixth bedroom, a chef’s kitchen, and a gym, as well as access to the garage. Carefully designed glazing brings light down to the basement floor, while connecting the main house to the original mews at its rear. Meanwhile, the basement offers an exceptional range of facilities, including spa, sauna, steam room and treatment room. This floor also features a home cinema, a wine cellar and a family room with bar facilities. Finally, a passenger lift connects from the basement to the second floor, which is occupied by the principal master bedroom., 

Entertaining Spaces, The house will be sold to turnkey standard with bespoke furniture throughout. The artwork is also available via separate negotiation., 

Games Room, Amenities, The house has been recently renovated to an exceptional standard. Its historic character has been preserved via plaster panelling and walnut doors with burnished bronze handles, while the original Portland stone staircase has been restored. At the same time, modern conveniences include underfloor heating for the basement and all stone surfaces, an integrated Creston system, Lutron smart lighting and air conditioning throughout the property., 

Gym, Games Room, Pool, Media Room, Sauna, Outdoor Spaces, The property includes a tiled rear terrace with Fesfoc outdoor kitchen, Wolf barbecue, external fridge and enough space for al fresco dining. There is also a front balcony with views over the communal garden square, which residents have the right to access. Finally, the garage with off-street parking can be accessed via Eaton Mews South, which includes two electric vehicle chargers., 

Terrace, The Neighbourhood, Chester Square is a prestigious garden square in Belgravia, lined with grand white stucco townhouses. It was developed by the Grosvenor family, with building work beginning in 1835. Over the years it has been home to numerous celebrated figures, including the poet Matthew Arnold, the actor Tony Curtis, and the politician Margaret Thatcher, and the singers Marianne Faithfull and Mick Jagger. From here, Sloane Square underground station is close, while Victoria station is also nearby. In addition, the world-renowned restaurants and shops of Elizabeth Street, Chelsea and Knightsbridge are within easy reach.,