Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/chester-row,

Chester Row, Belgravia,SW1W, Chester Row,Belgravia,SW1W, Beautiful three-bedroom house on a sought-after street in Belgravia, £5,450,000, Asking price, $7,029,392, €6,485,458, ¥1,082,033,212, AED 25,818,956, SAR 26,369,787, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 3, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 2,398, sq ft, 222, sqm, Outdoor, 676, sq ft, EPC, D, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, Westminster City,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Tastefully decorated property with a spacious garden on a quiet road close to Sloane Square, Entering the house on the ground floor, the front hall opens onto a suite of three rooms occupying the entire level. This includes the formal drawing room with two separate sections, and then a rear conservatory-like space with glass French doors and a glass roof overhead., 

A pair of separate staircases lead down to the lower ground floor, allowing for easier circulation around the house. At the front of the house is the dining room, with a shower room beyond, giving this space the potential to be used as a bedroom. At present, the dining room is connected to the kitchen by a serving hatch, while the family sitting room at the rear of the house has a set of triple French windows opening out into the garden., 

The first floor is entirely occupied by the principal bedroom and a generous bathroom, containing both a shower and a free-standing bath. The bedroom has high ceilings, fireplace and tall windows, while the landing floor includes a study with garden views., 

Above, on the second floor, two more bedrooms share another landing bathroom. Both rooms have considerable built-in storage. The property is Grade II listed with traditionally decorated interiors, but also benefits from air conditioning throughout., 

The house includes a spacious rear garden with a paved area for outdoor dining. In addition, there is rear balcony with views over the garden, and a small front patio on the lower ground floor with access to the cellar storage. Due to the unusual depth of this garden and the one behind it, the space has an open aspect and receives generous amounts of afternoon light., 

The Neighbourhood, Chester Row is a quiet street lined with stucco-based terraces houses. The street forms part of a village-like neighbourhood centring on Orange Square, with rows of low-built houses and occasional boutiques. Sloane Square underground station is a short walk away, as well as the restaurants and shops of the King’s Road and Sloane Street. In addition, Victoria Station is within easy reach.,