Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/cheyne-place-2,

Cheyne Place, Chelsea,SW3, Cheyne Place,Chelsea,SW3, Magnificent eight-bedroom mansion with immaculate interiors next to Chelsea Physic Garden, £8,950,000, Asking price, $11,543,680, €10,650,430, ¥1,776,916,926, AED 42,399,938, SAR 43,304,512, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 8, Bathrooms, 6, Internal, 4,017, sq ft, 373, sqm, Outdoor, 839, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/pGgYI6JA24za3NMpCgj-b76bNT8=/17466/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/MDP2815_-_Cheyne_Place_SW3-12.jpg, Drawing Room, The Property, Exceptionally wide and spacious house on a prestigious street close to the River Thames, Entrance Hall, Dining Room, Dining Room, Entrance Hall, Dining Room, Dining Room, Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the ground floor, the front hall flows through to a well-proportioned reception room with a high ceiling and a working fireplace. On the opposite side of the hall is a dining room with a double aspect and ornate overhead lights. The fitted kitchen opposite has an informal dining area and a French door leading out onto a patio. This floor also includes a bedroom with an ensuite bathroom and a guest WC., 

Drawing Room, Kitchen, Study, The Principal Bedroom, The first floor offers a principal bedroom with a generous ensuite bathroom and a dressing room., 

The Bedrooms, There is one more ensuite bedroom onthe first floor, as well as home office with a French door opening onto the terrace. The second floor features five more bedrooms and three bathrooms, one of them ensuite, the other two shared., 

There is also a basement floor with a utility room and considerable storage space. Finally, several parts of the house feature air conditioning and underfloor heating., 

Outdoor Spaces, The property includes a first-floor terrace with wooden decking and enough space for outdoor seating. In addition, the ground-floor patio has separate street access, while a front garden gives added privacy., 

Terrace, The Design, This wide and low-built neoclassical mansion was constructed in the 1930s. Decorated in a sophisticated contemporary style, its elegant interiors are presented in immaculate condition., 

The Neighbourhood, Cheyne Place leads off the eastern end of Cheyne Walk, one of the most historic streets in London. Over the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, this street was home to numerous celebrated figures, including the writer George Eliot, the painter J.M.W. Turner, and the actress Elizabeth Taylor. To the south is the Thames Embankment, with the Albert Bridge leading to Battersea Park. To the north is the King’s Road and its excellent range of restaurants and shops. In addition, the beautiful Chelsea Physic Garden lies next to the property.,