Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/cheyne-row-2,

Cheyne Row, Chelsea,SW3, Cheyne Row,Chelsea,SW3, Three bedroom house with elegant interiors on historic Chelsea street, £7,950,000, Asking price, $10,253,884, €9,460,438, ¥1,578,378,722, AED 37,662,514, SAR 38,466,019, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 4, Bathrooms, 2, Internal, 3,797, sq ft, 352, sqm, Outdoor, 771, sq ft, –, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Beautiful Grade II* listed Queen Anne townhouse with traditionally decorated rooms and a generous garden., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/DfdROwGXOWQaucP1VKMmdQkcv7I=/9029/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/MDP2595_-_Cheyne_Row_SW3-16.jpg, Drawing Room, Indoor Spaces, Stepping into the house on the ground floor, the entrance hall opens onto a formal dining with classical pediments on the walls. Next is a morning room with inbuilt shelving, which opens onto the galley kitchen, while a pair of French doors lead out into the garden. This floor also contains and a cloakroom and additional garden access at the end of the corridor., 

On the lower ground floor is a study and a large utility room. At the rear of the house, the considerable cellar space was traditionally used to store wine. Meanwhile, at the front of the property, there is access to two vaults for further storage., 

Reception Room, Large Bedroom, Reception Room, Large Bedroom, Living Spaces, Upstairs, on the first floor, is a grand drawing room with high ceilings. This room communicates with a more informal sitting room, with a pair of small balconies looking out over the rear garden. The building is wider than the others on the street, while the first-floor windows are unusually tall, giving a sense of space and grandeur., 

Dining Room, Dining Room, The Bedrooms, The second floor is occupied entirely by the principal bedroom suite, with a well-proportioned dressing room and an ensuite bathroom beyond. On the third floor are two more bedrooms, one of them ensuite, both with cambered ceilings., 

Dressing Room, Bedroom, Bathroom, Outdoor Spaces, The house’s façade includes a white stucco base, white-painted window dressings, and a classical white portico – again unusual for this street. In addition, the rear garden has paved and tiled sections, with space enough for outdoor dining, as well as creepers and vines climbing the latticed walls., 

Details, The house dates back to the early Queen Anne era, with several renowned owners over the years. Its interior has been decorated to suit this distinguished history, with wooden wainscoting, marble fireplaces, and marvellous floral patterns for the wallpaper., 

The Neighbourhood, Cheyne Row is a beautiful street, mixing early Georgian architecture with Victorian terraces and mansion blocks. Along with neighbouring Cheyne Walk, in the nineteenth century it was home to numerous writers and artists. The famed historian Thomas Carlyle lived next door at No.24 and his house is now a museum. Today, Cheyne Row is perfectly positioned in the heart of Old Chelsea. To the south is the Thames Embankment, with the Albert Bridge leading to Battersea Park. To the north is the King’s Road, with its excellent range of restaurants and shops. In addition, the beautiful Chelsea Physic Garden is just a short walk away., 

Exterior,