Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/cheyne-gardens-5,

Cheyne Gardens, Chelsea,SW3, Cheyne Gardens,Chelsea,SW3, Majestic end of terrace Chelsea town house with opulent interiors, Offers IEO, £14,500,000, Asking price, $18,702,052, €17,254,887, ¥2,878,803,958, AED 68,692,636, SAR 70,158,148, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 8, Bathrooms, 7, Internal, 5,445, sq ft, 505, sqm, Outdoor, 2,146, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/s2GoeFECMn9ZWcY-Z1NjsK_ThIo=/14433/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/22_Cheyne_Gardens_75-Model.jpg, The Property, Eight bedroom family home with generous garden and south-facing roof terrace on a historic street close to the River Thames, Entering the house on the ground floor, the front door leads through to a grand staircase hall.The end-of-terrace position allows for south-facing windows that bring added brightness into the hall and illuminate the staircase. On one side is a formal dining room with a wide bow window, on the other side a kitchen with a French door leading out into the garden., 

Indoor Spaces, Downstairs, the lower ground floor is centred around a generous playroom and home cinema, opening onto the garden. This floor also contains a complete suite with bedroom, bathroom, kitchenette and utility room. Furthermore, this floor has separate street access and a study at the far end., 

The first floor is mostly occupied by an L-shaped drawing room with three full-length sash windows, two of them opening onto a front balcony, and an additional south-facing window. Meanwhile, at the rear of the room, another French door opens onto a terrace. This floor also contains a guest WC and a music room on the half landing., 

Kitchen, Entrance Hall, Kitchen, Entrance Hall, The Bedrooms, The second floor consists of a principal bedroom with a generous ensuite bathroom centred around a free-standing bath. In addition, there are two more bedrooms on the two half-landings, both ensuite. The third and fourth floors contain four more bedrooms, two of them ensuite, the other two sharing a bathroom., 

The Design, No.22 was built in 1886 and is unique on this street thanks to its end-of-terrace position, south-facing windows and impressive staircase. The whole house has been decorated in a traditional fashion to suit the historic location and is presented in extremely good condition. The grand interiors and impressive volume of the rooms evoke a country house, rather than a London residence., 

Outdoor Spaces, The property includes a large garden with paved seating areas and separate street access for added convenience. It also includes a first floor of terrace and balcony, as well as a third-floor roof terrace with views south towards the river and enough space for outdoor dining.Read more about this colourful garden here., 

The Neighbourhood, Cheyne Gardens is a quiet street lined with red-brick Victorian houses, close to the historic properties of Cheyne Walk. Both Albert Bridge and the Chelsea Embankment are a short distance away, while the beautiful private grounds of the Chelsea Physic Garden and the open spaces of Battersea Park are within each reach. Finally, the restaurants and shops of the King’s Road are nearby, as well as the charming streets of the Chelsea village.,