Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/clover-mews,

Clover Mews, Chelsea,SW3, Clover Mews,Chelsea,SW3, Wide three-bedroom house with off-street parking in a beautiful mews, £4,250,000, Asking price, $5,481,636, €5,057,467, ¥843,787,367, AED 20,134,049, SAR 20,563,595, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 3, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 1,913, sq ft, 177, sqm, Outdoor, 732, sq ft, EPC, D, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/ezEEBDcQEGRNY8CUYOC6V41Pprs=/18654/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/5_Clover_Mews-Model.jpg, The Property, Bright and spacious mews house in the heart of Old Chelsea and moments away from the Chelsea Physic Garden, Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the ground floor, the front hall leads through to a generous reception room with enough space for separate dining and seating areas. An overhead skylight fills this room with light, while the wooden floor and moulded columns add a sense of elegance. A door leads through to the fitted kitchen with a wide west-facing window. This floor also contains a guest WC., 

The Bedrooms, On the first floor is a principal bedroom with considerable storage space and an ensuite bathroom containing a shower and bath. There is also a reception room with high ceilings and French doors on both sides, one opening onto a Juliet balcony, the other onto a terrace., 

The second floor contains two more bedrooms, one of them with an ensuite bathroom, the other with a bathroom opposite, and both with additional storage space., 

The Neighbourhood, The house includes a rear balcony with wooden decking and enough space for outdoor seating. It also offers a garage with off-street parking., 

Clover Mews is a beautiful cobbled mews in the heart of old Chelsea. Running north from the pastel-painted houses of Dilke Street, it is lined with red brick houses on one side and planted borders on the other. This property lies at the end of the mews, with a gabled facade and white dressings for the lower storey. From here, the many restaurants and shops of the Kings’ Road are within easy reach, as well as the beautiful grounds of the Chelsea Physic Garden. Albert Bridge is also a short walk away, leading to the open spaces of Battersea Park. In addition, residents have the right to apply to the impressive sports facilities of nearby Burton Court.,