Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/eaton-place-3,

Eaton Place, Belgravia,SW1X, Eaton Place,Belgravia,SW1X, Outstanding duplex flat with elegant interiors on a prestigious Belgravia street, £8,950,000, Asking price, $11,543,680, €10,650,430, ¥1,776,916,926, AED 42,399,938, SAR 43,304,512, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 4, Bathrooms, 4, Internal, 3,486, sq ft, 323, sqm, Outdoor, 686, sq ft, EPC, D, Tenure, Share of freehold, Ground rent:£0 p/y, Service charge:£0 p/y, Council Tax, Westminster City,H, Map, Floorplan, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/fmBssohMAhJfBDQ1YKtQOS5uS1w=/13349/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/MDP2732_-_Eaton_Place_SW1-7.jpg, Drawing Room, The Property, Impressive four bedroom flat in a Grade II listed house on one of West London’s most sought-after addresses, The whole property is decorated in a traditional style to suit the historic address. It has been carefully designed to make full of use of the space and light, and is presented in very good condition., 

Dining Room, Dining Room, Indoor Spaces, Entering the flat on the ground floor, a double reception room occupies the front of the property. This contains a grand drawing room with a high stucco ceiling and full-length sash windows. Furthermore, there is an equally well-proportioned dining room with double French doors leading onto the terrace., 

The rear half of this floor includes a breakfast room with a pair of balconied windows and inbuilt shelving units. Beyond, a set of steps lead down to the fitted kitchen with an overhead skylight for added brightness., 

Breakfast Room, Kitchen, Breakfast Room, Kitchen, The Bedrooms, The lower level of the flat includes four bedrooms. The principal bedroom has a generous ensuite bathroom, a substantial dressing room, and French doors leading out into the courtyard. The other three bedrooms have ensuite bathrooms and corridor wardrobes as well., 

The bedroom at the rear of the property also contains a sitting room and a utility room/kitchenette. An additional staircase gives direct access to the kitchen upstairs, making for an ideal staff flat., 

Bedroom, Bathroom, Outdoor Spaces, The property includes a paved courtyard on the lower ground floor and a terrace with space for outdoor dining on the ground floor. The low-rise mews houses beyond the terrace ensure added light and privacy., 

Terrace, The Neighbourhood, Eaton Place is a prestigious street in Belgravia, running parallel to Eaton Square. It is lined with grand white stucco terrace houses from the early and mid-nineteenth century, most of them Grade II listed. Over the years it has been home to several celebrated residents, including the actress Joan Collins., 

From here, Sloane Square underground station is a short walk away, while Victoria Station is also close. In addition, the exceptional restaurants and shops of Knightsbridge and the King’s Road are within easy reach. The open spaces of Hyde Park are also nearby., 

Exterior, Terrace, Exterior, Terrace,