Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/eaton-place-4,

Eaton Place, Belgravia,SW1X, Eaton Place,Belgravia,SW1X, Sublime penthouse duplex with spectacular interiors in a white stucco Belgravia townhouse, £7,250,000, Asking price, $9,351,026, €8,627,444, ¥1,439,401,979, AED 34,346,318, SAR 35,079,074, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 3, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 2,040, sq ft, 189, sqm, Outdoor, 163, sq ft, EPC, C, Tenure, Leasehold, Length of lease left:100 years, Ground rent:£125 p/y, Service charge:£23688 p/y(£3,422 + £2,500 Reserve Fund contribution - all paid quarterly), Council Tax, Westminster City,H, Map, Floorplan, Drawing Room, The Property, Exquisitely decorated three-bedroom flat with a wide balcony on one of West London’s most sought-after addresses, Terrace, Dining, Terrace, Dining, Indoor Spaces, Stepping into the flat on the third floor, the entrance hall leads through to generous living space that occupies the entire level. One half contains a spacious seating area, while the other half contains an open-plan kitchen with a Quartzite countertop for the central island, as well as a dining room and study area., 

This floor also contains a guest WC, a utility room on the half-landing, and a lift with direct access from the ground floor. Furthermore, there is considerable space for displaying art, and a dramatic overhead light designed by Christopher Guy., 

The Bedrooms, The fourth floor consists of three bedrooms. The spectacular principal suite has a bedroom communicating directly with a bathroom and a dressing area. Sliding French doors lead out onto the terrace and fill the entire space with daylight. This floor contains two more bedrooms, both ensuite with walk-in showers, built-in storage space and floating beds., 

Principal Bedroom, Terrace View, Outdoor Spaces, The penthouse floor includes a wide balcony with gorgeous rooftop views and enough space for outdoor seating., 

Terrace, The Design, The flat was recently renovated to an exceptionally high standard and is presented in perfect condition., 

As well as comfort cooling and underfloor heating, it has a bespoke lighting system, and remote-accessible Bluetooth panels for both the doors and lift. It is also filled with tasteful works of art that can be purchased on request., 

Read more about the sculptor Bruce Denny designing Eaton Place., 

The Neighbourhood, Eaton Place is a grand Belgravia street running parallel to the famous Eaton Square. It is lined with white stucco townhouses from the early and mid-nineteenth century. Over the years it has been home to several celebrated residents, including the actress Joan Collins. From here, Sloane Square underground station is a short walk away, while Victoria Station is also close. The many restaurants and shops of Knightsbridge and the King’s Road are within easy reach, as well as the open spaces of Hyde Park.,