Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/gerald-road,

Gerald Road, Belgravia,SW1W, Gerald Road,Belgravia,SW1W, Magnificent five-bedroom white stucco house on one of Belgravia’s most prestigious streets, Offers IEO, £7,000,000, Asking price, $9,028,577, €8,329,945, ¥1,389,767,428, AED 33,161,962, SAR 33,869,451, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 5, Bathrooms, 5, Internal, 3,315, sq ft, 307, sqm, Outdoor, 577, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, Westminster City,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, A non listed town house with elegant and spacious interiors and south-east facing terrace, Stepping into the house on the ground floor, the entrance hall leads through to a double reception room divided by folding doors. At the far end of the hall lies a fitted kitchen, connected to an informal dining area. A lantern skylight fill this space with brightness throughout the day, while double French doors open onto a balcony., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/Xar9fdYfKhjiypSZAKB8-kIcauc=/19348/fill-960x1440%7Cformat-webp/Russell_Simpson-9_Gerald_Road-43_Lo.jpg, Kitchen, Kitchen, Drawing Room, The first floor is entirely occupied by a grand reception room. With its high ceilings, full-length French doors, and parquet wooden flooring, this is makes for an impressive entertaining space. Meanwhile, on the half-landing, double French doors lead out onto the terrace., 

Indoor Spaces, Taken together, this is impressive house with bright and spacious interiors. They are decorated in an elegant style to suit the historic setting and presented in good condition., 

The property includes a south-east facing rear terrace with a paved seating area and planted borders. It also includes a first-floor front balcony and a lower-ground-floor courtyard. Furthermore, the property is set back from the street by a gated front garden, giving an added sense of seclusion, The Bedrooms, The sense of grandeur continues into the principal bedroom, which fills the second floor and features a generous ensuite bathroom with a bath. There are two more bedrooms on the third floor, and two bathrooms on both half landings. Further skylights ensure the staircase is flooded with sunshine., 

The lower ground floor offers two bedrooms, one with an ensuite bathroom, the other with French doors leading onto a courtyard. It also contains a kitchen, a utility room, considerable storage space and separate street access., 

Principal Bedroom, The Neighbourhood, Gerald Street is a prestigious residential street in Belgravia lined with white stucco townhouses. The southern terrace is especially sought-after, with its south-facing rear gardens. From here, the restaurants and shops of Elizabeth Street are close, while Sloane Square and Victoria stations are both within walking distant.,