Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/gilston-road-2,

Gilston Road, Chelsea,SW10, Gilston Road,Chelsea,SW10, Majestic house with exceptional facilities on a sought-after Chelsea street, £17,500,000, Asking price, $22,571,442, €20,824,864, ¥3,474,418,569, AED 82,904,906, SAR 84,673,627, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 5, Bathrooms, 5, Internal, 6,277, sq ft, 583, sqm, Outdoor, 4,854, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, Drawing Room, The Property, Five-bedroom mansion with cinema, sauna and jacuzzi, garage and wraparound garden on one of London’s most desirable addresses., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/vlMwZ4rdoP23P9s8i_VaI3LerIo=/10753/fill-1440x960%7Cformat-webp/MDP2606_-_Gilston_Road_SW10-5.jpg, Sitting Room, Entrance Hall, Sitting Room, Entrance Hall, Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the ground floor, a front hall with marble floors and a grand staircase connects the different levels of the property. A pair of reception rooms lead off from the hall, looking out over the western and eastern sides of the garden respectively. These are generous spaces with built-in shelving and French doors opening outside., 

Sitting Room, Hallway, Dining Room, Kitchen, Reception Room, Garden, The Bedrooms, On the lower ground floor, a second hallway leads into the panelled dining room. In addition, this floor contains a bedroom with ensuite bathroom and walk-in wardrobe, as well as a large open-plan kitchen with an informal eating area. Meanwhile, on the basement floor, there is a home cinema and a private sauna with jacuzzi., 

Upstairs, the first floor contains two bedrooms and two ensuite bathrooms. The principal bedroom has access to a balcony and a generous bathroom with a jacuzzi-style bathtub. The second bedroom has a pair of walk-in wardrobes and its own ensuite. Upstairs again, on the second floor, are two more bedrooms and two more bathrooms., 

Principal Bedroom, Bathroom, Bedroom, Terrace, Bedroom, Ensuite, Entertaining Spaces, The first-floor bedrooms and the basement cinema are both safe rooms. The house also benefits from two safes, CCTV and a gated entrance. Several of the rooms have air conditioning, while the triple aspect ensures the rooms are filled with light for much of the day., 

Media Room, Dining Room, Cinema Room, Media Room, Dining Room, Cinema Room, Outdoor Spaces, The house itself is very handsome, decorated with stucco lintels, sills and window cases, as well as an ornamental tower. In addition, there is access from the garden to a private garage., 

Gilston Road is a rare ‘island’ house and benefits from a superb garden surrounding the property on the east, south and west sides. The garden is laid out in formal sections, divided by stone steps and carved balustrades, while decorative hedges and pathways separate the lawns and flowerbeds. In addition, walls, trees and shrubbery ensure the garden is hidden from the road, adding to a sense of safety and seclusion., 

Large Garden, Garden, Large Garden, Garden, The Neighbourhood, The Boltons and neighbouring Gilston Road were laid out in the Victorian Era, with a double crescent of large Italianate mansions set back from the road. Over the years, these streets have drawn many celebrated residents – including actors, singers and politicians – and today they are among the most desirable addresses in London. The area is well supplied with private schools, while the celebrated restaurants and shops of Chelsea and South Kensington are all within easy reach,