Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/kensington-square,

Kensington Square, Kensington,W8, Kensington Square,Kensington,W8, Secluded Kensington house with a spectacular vaulted reception room, £2,500,000, Asking price, $3,224,492, €2,974,981, ¥496,345,510, AED 11,843,558, SAR 12,096,232, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 2, Bathrooms, 2, Internal, 1,352, sq ft, 125, sqm, Outdoor, 195, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,F, Map, Floorplan, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/ELovMd36cNI3kkEE2OnDh2toTiM=/7386/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/27A_Kensington_Square-Model.jpg, The Property, A discreet house on a sought-after address, with a stylish interior and access to London’s oldest private garden square., 

Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the ground floor, the entrance hall opens onto a principal bedroom with ensuite bathroom. Upstairs, on the first floor, there is a magnificent reception room with high vaulted ceilings and a bank of south-facing windows. The reception room contains not only dining and seating areas, but also an open-plan kitchen and painted wooden floors, to make for a spacious and stylish living space. Downstairs, on the lower ground floor, there is a second bedroom with ensuite bathroom, as well as a separate utility area., 

The Bedrooms, The Design, The interior was designed by Studio Reed, to create a modern living space with traditional details. The kitchen was from Plain English designs, while the property also offers an integrated speaker system., 

Outdoor Spaces, The house is accessed via a private passageway leading down from Kensington Square. As well as a patio space at the front of the property, residents also have the right to access the communal gardens, which were first laid out in 1698, making them London’s oldest private garden square., 

Read more about the history of Kensington Square here., 

The Neighbourhood, Kensington Square has a rich religious, academic and artistic history. In the nineteenth century, it was home to the artist Edward Burne-Jones, the philosopher John Stuart Mill, and the composer Hubert Parry. It was also home to Heythrop College, a specialist university for philosophy and theology, and the Catholic Convent of the Assumption. In addition, No.27 Kensington Square was a private school, while 27a served as the headmaster’s house. Today, the square is within walking distance of Kensington High Street underground station, as well as the open spaces of Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. In addition, the area’s outstanding restaurants, shops and schools are all in easy reach. Thanks to its unique location, the property enjoys a sense of sheltered clam, despite being minutes away from the lively centre of Kensington.,