Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/montpelier-square,

Montpelier Square, Knightsbridge,SW7, Montpelier Square,Knightsbridge,SW7, Impressive Grade II listed townhouse with access to a communal garden square in prime Knightsbridge, £9,250,000, Asking price, $11,930,619, €11,007,428, ¥1,836,478,387, AED 43,821,165, SAR 44,756,060, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 5, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 4,458, sq ft, 414, sqm, Outdoor, –, EPC, D, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Five bedroom family home with stylish interiors within walking distance of Hyde Park., 

Entering the house on the raised ground floor, sliding doors open from the front hall to a dining room with high ceilings and a wide sash window. A convenient corridor leads through to the fitted kitchen and French doors open out onto the terrace. Furthermore, an overhead skylight ensures the informal eating area is filled with light throughout the day., 

PLEASE NOTE PHOTOGRAPHS AS PREVIOUSLY FURNISHED, Drawing Room, Indoor Spaces, The first floor is occupied by a grand drawing room with full-length windows opening onto the front balcony. This floor also contains a study on the half-landing., 

Downstairs is a generous family room that can be used as a home cinema. This floor also contains an ensuite bedroom, an additional bathroom, a utility room and considerable storage space. Another door gives access to the street and further storage vaults., 

Drawing Room, Dining Room, Study, Kitchen, Sitting Room, The Bedrooms, The house is decorated in sophisticated style, resulting in colourful and contemporary interiors., 

The second floor features a well-proportioned principal bedroom with an ensuite bathroom and walk-in wardrobe. The third floor offers two more bedrooms and a shared bathroom, while the fourth floor has a final bedroom with an ensuite bathroom., 

Principal Bedroom, Bathroom, Principal Bedroom, Bathroom, The Neighbourhood, The property includes a rear terrace and a front balcony. In addition, residents have access to the communal garden square., 

Montpelier Square is a beautiful and sought-after garden square in Knightsbridge. Its tall brick houses with stucco dressings were built in the nineteenth century and have been occupied by several celebrated actresses, artists and writers over the years. The exclusive restaurants and shops of Knightsbridge are a short walk away, and so too the underground station. In addition, the open spaces of Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens are within easy reach. Finally, the word-class cultural venues of South Kensington are nearby., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/E4SmArJCv-xf3loxluUO5VtRAtk=/16184/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/AWinship-1580-01.jpg,