Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/mozart-terrace,

Mozart Terrace, Belgravia,SW1W, Mozart Terrace,Belgravia,SW1W, Beautiful and wide four-bedroom house on an historic Belgravia street, £5,700,000, Asking price, $7,351,841, €6,782,956, ¥1,131,667,763, AED 27,003,312, SAR 27,579,410, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 4, Bathrooms, 4, Internal, 3,393, sq ft, 315, sqm, Outdoor, 873, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, Westminster City,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, A Grade II listed Georgian family home with elegant interiors and garden house close to Sloane Square station, Stepping into the house on the ground floor, the entrance hall opens onto a formal dining room with high ceilings, full length sash windows and a black-and-white painted wooden floor. Double French doors flow through to the spacious kitchen with an informal eating area, and more worktops in the working/ cooking area beyond. This floor also contains a rear door leading out into the garden., 

Dining Room, Kitchen, Dining Room, Kitchen, Indoor Spaces, The lower ground floor offers a family sitting room with its own garden access. Furthermore, this level features a pair of bedrooms, a bathroom and additional storage space., 

The first floor is almost entirely occupied by a spectacular drawing room with high ceilings, panelled walls, moulded fireplaces and sash windows on both sides filling this space with light. This floor also contains a bedroom and a study with garden views., 

Drawing Room, The Bedrooms, The second floor offers a principal bedroom with a well-proportioned bathroom containing a bath and built-in storage space. This floor also features a utility room with access to a balcony overlooking the garden. Finally, there is a generous loft accessible from the second floor., 

Dressing Room, Bathroom, The Design, Outdoor Spaces, The west-facing rear garden is paved and perfect for outdoor dining. In addition, it contains a garden house which is currently used as a guest room with ensuite bathroom, but was originally a garage with the option of off-street parking. The property also has a well-proportioned front garden giving added separation from the street., 

The Neighbourhood, In the mid-eighteenth century, the young composer Mozart and his family toured around Europe. During August and September 1764, they visited England and lodged at 180 Ebury Street. The surrounding Georgian houses were later renamed Mozart Terrace, and Grade II listed in recognition of their rich history. From here, Sloane Square underground station is a short walk away, while Victoria Station is also close. The restaurants and shops of Chelsea are within easy reach, while nearby Orange Square hosts a popular farmers’ market each weekend.,