Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/oakley-street-2,

Oakley Street, Chelsea,SW3, Oakley Street,Chelsea,SW3, Elegant five-bedroom family home on an historic address in the heart of Chelsea, £5,950,000, Asking price, $7,674,290, €7,080,454, ¥1,181,302,314, AED 28,187,668, SAR 28,789,033, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 5, Bathrooms, 5, Internal, 3,701, sq ft, 343, sqm, Outdoor, 224, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, End-of-terrace Grade II listed townhouse on a sought-after street close to the Kings’ Road, Stepping into the house on the ground floor, the entrance foyer leads through to a staircase hall. On one side is a grand dining room with high ceilings and a pair of south-west facing sash windows filling the space with light. On the other side is an elegant study with a gym beyond., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/HR1-uiJZpPJvh6G5aZd2c6-AfVo=/5483/fill-960x1440%7Cformat-webp/MDP2281_-_Oakley_Street_SW3-1.jpg, Drawing Room, The first floor features a majestic reception room with a pair of full-length French windows opening onto the front balcony. High ceilings, an ornate cornice and moulded fireplace add to the sophistication in this space. This room flows through to a formal dining room with south-facing sash windows. Meanwhile, the half-landing contains a WC and a walk-in wardrobe., 

Indoor Spaces, The interiors combine classical elegance with modern convenience, including a Creston home system., 

The lower ground floor centres on a generous kitchen with a central island containing a wine bar and enough space for an informal breakfast area. On the far side is a door leading through to a utility room. On the other side, a glazed door opens onto a family sitting room. This level also contains a guest WC and possible staff bedroom or further storage space., 

The Bedrooms, The second floor features a principal bedroom with an ensuite bathroom containing a bath. There is another ensuite bedroom on this floor, with two more on the third floor, making four in total., 

The Neighbourhood, The house is Grade II listed and set back from the street. The façade has white stucco ground floor, a portico with Corinthian columns, and a front balcony with metal railings. It is positioned at the end of the terrace, on the corner of Oakley Street and Magaretta Terrace, bringing in southerly light from the side of the house., 

Oakley Street leads from the Albert Bridge to the Kings Road, and is lined with a mix of white stucco townhouses and red brick mansion blocks. Battersea Park is within walking distance, as well as the celebrated shops and restaurants of Chelsea. The street has been home to numerous historical figures, including musicians like Bob Marley and David Bowie, the footballer George Best, and the Antarctic explorer Robert Scott.,