Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/oakley-street-4,

Oakley Street, Chelsea,SW3, Oakley Street,Chelsea,SW3, An elegant, Grade II listed townhouse, on a historic street in the heart of Chelsea, £4,250,000, Asking price, $5,481,636, €5,057,467, ¥843,787,367, AED 20,134,049, SAR 20,563,595, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 5, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 2,844, sq ft, 264, sqm, Outdoor, 519, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, A five bedroom family home on a sought-after street in Chelsea, with a balcony, roof terrace and rear garden., 

The entrance to the house is on the ground floor, with a small lobby leading straight into the dining room. This room includes beautiful built-in shelving units on three sides, and could also be used as a library. Beyond, a set of double doors access the staircase hall, which leads through to a generous kitchen with a separate utility room., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/N41ObRjbd9jnTIvBtdfHw4zatGU=/8092/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/27_Oakley_Street_SW3-2.jpg, Indoor Spaces, Upstairs, on the first floor, is a grand reception room with wall-height French windows opening onto the balcony. In addition, this floor contains the principal bedroom, with an ensuite bathroom and a large tub. Upstairs again, on the second floor, there are three bedrooms and a shared bathroom, as well as additional storage space and access to the roof terrace., 

The Bedrooms, Downstairs, the lower ground floor includes a bedroom with ensuite bathroom and a television or family room with access to the garden. In addition, there is a second kitchen and separate access to the street., 

The whole house has been decorated in a characterful style, with carved stone fireplaces throughout. In addition, the lower storeys benefit from wooden floors and high ceilings., 

The Neighbourhood, The house is Grade II listed, with a white stucco ground floor and a portico with Corinthian columns. It includes a first-floor balcony at the front of the property, a second-floor roof terrace at the rear, and a patio garden on the lower ground floor, with enough space for outdoor dining. Oakley Street leads from the Albert Bridge to the Kings Road, and is lined with a mix of white stucco townhouses and red brick mansion blocks. Battersea Park is within walking distance, as well as the celebrated shops and restaurants of Chelsea. The street has been home to numerous historical figures, including musicians like Bob Marley and David Bowie, the footballer George Best, the Russian spy Donald MacLean (one of the Cambridge Five), and the Antarctic explorer Robert Scott.,