Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/old-church-street-10,

Old Church Street, Chelsea,SW3, Old Church Street,Chelsea,SW3, Exceptionally wide white stucco Chelsea townhouse with considerable off-street parking, £3,750,000, Asking price, $4,836,738, €4,462,471, ¥744,518,265, AED 17,765,337, SAR 18,144,349, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 6, Bathrooms, 5, Internal, 3,997, sq ft, 371, sqm, Outdoor, 777, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Leasehold, Length of lease left:28 years, Ground rent:£0 p/y, Service charge:£0 p/y, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Six bedroom home on historic Chelsea street with large windows and exceptional potential, The property is entered via a set of carriage doors leading through to a garage. From here, a second door gives access to an impressive staircase hall with lofty proportions. This floor contains a dining room with a wide bay window, as well as a fitted kitchen and a bathroom., 

Hallway, Hallway, Indoor Spaces, The first floor includes a grand reception room running the entire length of the property with unusually large east-facing windows. In addition, this floor contains a separate suite with two bedrooms sharing a bathroom. On the second floor is a principal bedroom with ensuite bathroom, as well as two further bedrooms and another bathroom., 

The lower ground floor offers a second large reception room, along with an extra kitchen and additional bathroom. In addition, there are storage vaults and two patios., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/6bpuxbia8ueoE2Lki5wwJnpiN4Y=/15922/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/De-cluttered.jpg, Drawing Room, Development Opportunity, The house is unusually wide. The low properties opposite are set back from the street, providing an open aspect for the front-facing rooms. The rear-facing rooms have views over the neighbouring gardens., 

The property has belonged to the same owners for many years. It has the potential for a new owner to realise their dreams in designing the house to their own taste. It is available on a 28-year lease., 

The Neighbourhood & Outdoor Spaces, The property has a front garden that includes off-street parking for up to two cars. The garage has space for another two cars., 

Old Church Street is the oldest street in Chelsea. Over the years it has been home to numerous artists and architects, musicians and writers, with a unique mix of Georgian, Victorian and Modern architecture. The property is moments away from the Fulham Road, with its range of shops and restaurants. In addition, South Kensington station is within walking distance, and so too the neighbourhood’s celebrated museums and cultural venues., 

Views,