Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/onslow-gardens-5,

Onslow Gardens, South Kensington,SW7, Onslow Gardens,South Kensington,SW7, Elegant three bedroom duplex flat with roof terrace on a sought-after garden square in South Kensington, £5,950,000, Asking price, $7,674,290, €7,080,454, ¥1,181,302,314, AED 28,187,668, SAR 28,789,033, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 3, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 2,393, sq ft, 222, sqm, Outdoor, 467, sq ft, EPC, C, Tenure, Leasehold, Length of lease left:115 years, Ground rent:£0 p/y, Service charge:£9710 p/y, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, Drawing Room, The Property, A superbly decorated flat with high ceilings, spacious rooms, several balconies and access to a communal garden square., 

Terrace, Dining, Terrace, Dining, Indoor Spaces, The first floor features a grand reception room with high ceilings, wooden floors and three double French doors opening onto the front balcony. This a generous and tasteful space, with enough room for separate dining and seating areas. It communicates with a second, less formal reception room, with another set of double French doors opening onto a rear balcony., 

This floor also contains a fitted kitchen with overhead skylights. Upstairs is an additional WC and access to the rear roof terrace., 

Drawing Room, Kitchen, Drawing Room, Kitchen, The Bedrooms, Stepping into the flat on the ground floor, the entrance foyer leads through to a central hallway. This floor contains a principal bedroom with an ensuite bathroom, built-in storage and a broad bay window. The other two bedrooms are also ensuite, one with access to a terrace., 

Outdoor Spaces, The flat has a front balcony with views over Cranley Gardens. It also has a south-facing roof terrace with wooden decking and enough space for outdoor dining, as well as a second terrace on the lower-ground floor. The property also benefits from its own front door., 

Roof Terrace, The Design, The Neighbourhood, Onslow Gardens is an impressive collection of streets surrounding a group of garden squares. The streets are lined with grand townhouses built from London brick with white stucco dressings. From here, the restaurants and shops on the Old Brompton Road and the Fulham Road are close. In addition, the property is well placed for South Kensington underground station, and the neighbourhood’s numerous cultural institutions.,