Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/orme-square,

Orme Square, Bayswater,W2, Orme Square,Bayswater,W2, Grand townhouse with unique potential on a private garden square opposite Kensington Garden, £8,500,000, Asking price, $10,963,272, €10,114,934, ¥1,687,574,734, AED 40,268,097, SAR 41,127,190, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 6, Bathrooms, 5, Internal, 3,335, sq ft, 309, sqm, Outdoor, 1,173, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, Westminster City,G, Map, Floorplan, The Property, White stucco house with wide lateral interiors, garden, lift and the chance for complete renovation, The property includes a large, west-facing garden, a front balcony on the first floor and a handsome white stucco façade. Residents also have access to the leafy communal garden at the centre of the square., 

Indoor Spaces, The house consists of five storeys, from the lower ground floor to the third floor. At present there are no internal walls, providing a series of large lateral spaces that could be used for an open-plan kitchen, a spacious living area, and several well-proportioned ensuite bedrooms. It also has a lift shaft connecting all levels and high ceilings across the ground, first and second floors., 

The house requires complete renovation, offering a blank canvass for an imaginative owner to create their dream home. Unlike many of its neighbours, the property is not listed, meaning it has the potential to be completely reimagined for a modern family., 

Development Opportunities, It currently has planning permission for a single-story ground floor rear extension, as well as alterations to the façade and an enlarged front lightwell. Full details can be found online below., 

Planning Information (case reference: PP-12064230), The Neighbourhood, Orme Square was set out in 1820s and contains some of the oldest houses in Bayswater. It was named after the engraver, painter and property developer Edward Orme, who oversaw its building. Over the years it has been home to celebrated figures from culture and business, including the artist Frederic Leighton and the banker Sir Ernest Cassel., 

This property was once the home to Edward Dannreuther, a well-known pianist and writer on music. The entrance to this private square is gated, creating a peaceful and secluded setting. The open spaces of Kensington Gardens are opposite, while Queensway station is a short walk away. In addition, the many restaurants and shops of Notting Hill are within easy reach.,