Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/ovington-street,

Ovington Street, Chelsea,SW3, Ovington Street,Chelsea,SW3, Five bedroom townhouse on a beautiful Chelsea street, £5,750,000, Asking price, $7,416,331, €6,842,455, ¥1,141,594,673, AED 27,240,183, SAR 27,821,334, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 5, Bathrooms, 4, Internal, 2,457, sq ft, 228, sqm, Outdoor, 877, sq ft, EPC, D, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Well-located family home with an unusually large garden that catches the afternoon sun., 

Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the ground floor, the front door opens onto a generous drawing room that runs the entire length of the building, with a conservatory space at the far end. In addition, the half landing contains a study with views over the garden., 

Downstairs, on the lower ground floor, the open-plan kitchen leads through to a dining area, with French doors beyond that access the garden. On the other side, the kitchen opens onto an informal family sitting room. From here, one door leads out into the patio, while another leads through to the utility room. This rooms contains a spiral staircase, rising up to a self-contained ensuite bedroom., 

The Bedrooms, The first floor is entirely occupied by a generous principal bedroom with ensuite bathroom and considerable built-in storage. On the half-landing is a second bathroom, while the third floor contains three more bedrooms and an additional shared bathroom. The layout is both convenient and flexible for a family, while the rooms are presented in very good condition., 

Outdoor Spaces, The property includes a paved garden with enough space for outdoor dining. The garden is unusually large for the street, while the garages on one side create a gap between the buildings that bathe the space in afternoon sun. In addition, there is a front patio with access to a pair of underground storage vaults., 

The Neighbourhood, Ovington Street is a quiet road lined with low-built houses. Sloane Square underground station is within walking distance, while South Kensington is also close. In addition, the restaurants and shops of Chelsea and Knightsbridge are within easy reach., 

Exterior,