Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/palace-gardens-terrace-4,

Palace Gardens Terrace, Kensington,W8, Palace Gardens Terrace,Kensington,W8, Superb family home with luxurious interiors on a prestigious Kensington street, £10,000,000, Asking price, $12,897,967, €11,899,922, ¥1,985,382,040, AED 47,374,232, SAR 48,384,929, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 4, Bathrooms, 4, Internal, 3,606, sq ft, 335, sqm, Outdoor, 1,288, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, White stucco townhouse with lofty rooms and a spacious layout close to Kensington Gardens., 

Stepping into the house on the raised ground floor, the front hall opens onto a double reception room that runs the entire length of the property. These rooms offer exceptionally high ceilings, while the carved fireplace, wide bow window and ornate cornice gives a sense of splendour. This floor also contains a study with garden views and a balcony that leads down to the garden via a staircase., 

Reception Room, Dining Area, Reception Room, Dining Area, Indoor Spaces, The lower ground floor features a generous living space that occupies the entire level. This includes an open-plan kitchen, a formal dining room and an informal sitting area with double French doors leading out into the garden. A guest WC and a utility room complete this floor., 

Entrance, Kitchen, Entrance, Kitchen, The Bedrooms, The first floor is entirely occupied by the spectacular principal bedroom suite. This includes a bedroom, a pair of bathrooms, and a well-proportioned dressing room. The second floor contains three more bedrooms, one of them ensuite and with the other two bedrooms sharing a bathroom next door. This floor also features air conditioning and considerable storage space., 

Principal Bedroom, Dressing Room, Principal Bathroom, The Design, The whole property is decorated in a sophisticated style. The interiors blend a sense of traditional grandeur with modern convenience., 

The Neighbourhood, The paved west-facing garden receives the afternoon light. This is a secluded space with enough room for outdoor dining. There is also a ground floor balcony with a staircase leading down into the garden., 

Palace Gardens Terrace is a grand street of white stucco town houses running south from Notting Hill Gate. The street is lined with trees, while the houses are set back from the pavement, giving added privacy. From here, the open spaces of Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park are a short walk away. In addition, Notting Hill Gate underground station is nearby, while the exclusive restaurants and shops of Kensington High Street are also close.,