Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/pembridge-crescent,

Pembridge Crescent, Notting Hill,W11, Pembridge Crescent,Notting Hill,W11, Unique modern house in Notting Hill with four bedrooms and sophisticated interiors, £14,000,000, Asking price, $18,057,153, €16,659,891, ¥2,779,534,856, AED 66,323,925, SAR 67,738,901, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 4, Bathrooms, 5, Internal, 5,042, sq ft, 468, sqm, Outdoor, 867, sq ft, EPC, C, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Unusually wide low-built property with light-filled rooms and stylish decoration in a secluded setting, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/ikf_3f4tkIqvx7OeADkBksyRVi8=/16665/fill-960x1440%7Cformat-webp/MDP2236_-_Pembridge_Crescent_W11-1.jpg, Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the ground floor, the front door opens onto a staircase hall. On one side is a lofty reception room with floor-to-ceiling windows, a fireplace and a French door leading through to the patio. On the other side is a generous open-plan kitchen with a breakfast bar island and dining area. More floor-to-ceiling windows and overhead skylights ensure this space is flooded with light throughout the day., 

The basement provides a gym, a home office, a wine room with humidity and temperature control, two utility rooms, a bathroom and considerable storage space. There is air conditioning in the gym and the largest bedroom on the lower ground floor., 

The Bedrooms, The first floor is entirely occupied by the principal bedroom suite. Along with the well-proportioned bedroom, this includes a pair of dressing rooms and a pair of bathrooms, as well as a beautiful ribbed roof., 

The lower ground floor features three bedrooms. Two of these rooms have ensuite bathrooms and walk-in wardrobes, and all three have French doors leading onto the lower patio. In addition, the largest can be used as a living room or family room., 

The Design, The property was recently built and sensitively designed to suit the surroundings. It is decorated in a contemporary style with outstanding attention to detail and sophisticated use of metal and wood materials. It includes underfloor heating., 

The Neighbourhood, The property offers a pair of patios with enough space for outdoor seating., 

Pembridge Crescent is a beautiful street lined with white stucco townhouses running parallel to the Portobello Road. This property is accessed via a private drive, leading to a secluded setting behind the street. From here, the many restaurants and independent boutiques of Notting Hill are close. In addition, Notting Hill Gate underground station is also nearby. Finally, the open spaces of Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park are a short walk away.,