Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/queens-gate-2,

Queen's Gate, South Kensington,SW7, Queen's Gate,South Kensington,SW7, Four bedroom flat with high ceilings and elegant interiors on a prestigious South Kensington street, £3,950,000, Asking price, $5,094,697, €4,700,469, ¥784,225,906, AED 18,712,822, SAR 19,112,047, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 4, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 2,522, sq ft, 234, sqm, Outdoor, –, EPC, D, Tenure, Leasehold, Length of lease left:949 years, Ground rent:£0 p/y, Service charge:£18393 p/y, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Large lateral flat in a grand building, close to Hyde Park, with a lift and porter., 

Kitchen, Hall, Kitchen, Hall, Indoor Spaces, Entering the flat on the fifth floor, the front hall opens onto a long corridor connecting the main rooms of the property. The western half of the flat centres on a generous reception room with high ceilings and a carved stone fireplace. On one side, double doors lead through to a formal dining room, while the other side offers a study. This half of the flat also contains a fitted kitchen with an informal breakfast area., 

The Bedrooms, The property also offers four bedrooms. The spacious principal bedroom has inbuilt storage and an ensuite bathroom. The other three bedrooms include one ensuite bathroom and one shared bathroom. A guest WC completes the flat., 

Principal Bedroom, The Design, The interiors are decorated in tasteful, traditional style to suit this historic location. The property is part of a grand mansion block built from patterned red brick. It includes a lift and a porter, The Neighbourhood, Queen’s Gate is a prestigious street running south from Kensington Gardens. It is lined with townhouses of white stucco and patterned brick, many containing embassies. In addition, it borders world-class cultural institutions like the Natural History Museum, the Science Museum and the campus of Imperial College London. From here, Gloucester Road and South Kensington underground stations are both a short walk away. The open spaces of Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park are also within easy reach.,