Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/radnor-walk,

Radnor Walk, Chelsea,SW3, Radnor Walk,Chelsea,SW3, Charming and characterful house with garden and roof terrace close to the Kings’ Road, £3,950,000, Asking price, $5,094,697, €4,700,469, ¥784,225,906, AED 18,712,822, SAR 19,112,047, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 4, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 2,110, sq ft, 196, sqm, Outdoor, 329, sq ft, EPC, D, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, Open Plan Reception, The Property, Four bedroom house with creative interiors on Chelsea street with artistic heritage, Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the ground floor, the front door opens onto a cosy reception room, with a paved floor and corniced ceiling. From here, stairs lead down into a fitted kitchen with a central island and breakfast bar. This room also contains bi-folding glass doors opening onto the garden and bringing extra light into the room., 

The Bedrooms, The first floor offers a principal bedroom with a generous ensuite bathroom, as well as a study with a French door opening out onto the terrace. Meanwhile, the second floor features two more bedrooms with a bathroom on the half landing. Access to another roof terrace is given via a French door off from the stairs., 

The lower ground floor contains a bedroom with ensuite bathroom. It also contains a utility room and an informal family sitting room. The house is presented in good condition and has been decorated in a charming and creative fashion., 

The Design, The Neighbourhood, The property includes a paved rear garden and a pair of terraces with enough space for outdoor seating., 

Radnor Walk is quiet residential street leading south from the King’s Road. The street was once home to Radnor Studios, a popular set of artists’ studios in the second half of the nineteenth century. More recently, the street was home to the poet laureate John Betjeman. From here, the many restaurants and shops of Chelsea are within easy reach, while Sloane Square station is also close. Residents have the right to apply for membership of the impressive sports facilities at nearby Burton Court.,