Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/ravenscourt-road,

Ravenscourt Road, Brackenbury Village,W6, Ravenscourt Road,Brackenbury Village,W6, Tasteful four-bedroom family home with a west-facing garden and views over Ravenscourt Park, £3,500,000, Asking price, $4,514,288, €4,164,973, ¥694,883,714, AED 16,580,981, SAR 16,934,725, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 4, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 2,288, sq ft, 212, sqm, Outdoor, 1,192, sq ft, EPC, D, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, Hammersmith & Fulham,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Terrace house with grand interiors set among the charming streets of Brackenbury village, The whole house is decorated in a traditional style, creating a sense of opulence. On the ground floor, the ornate cornice, moulded ceiling and sculpted fireplace all add to the grandeur., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/qDKvWpEJju397Q_cAtuvNW8OKro=/15676/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/89_Ravenscourt_Road-sr2.jpg, Reception Room, Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the ground floor, the hallways opens onto front reception room with high ceilings and a broad bay window. This space communicates with a rear reception room and a west-facing sun room, giving access to the garden and views over the park, while also bringing in plenty of afternoon light. Furthermore, this floor contains a small fitted prep-kitchen., 

The lower ground floor features a well-proportioned kitchen with an AGA, a pantry and double French doors leading out into the garden. This floor also contains a dining room, a bathroom and separate street access., 

Kitchen, Dining Room, Kitchen, Dining Room, The Bedrooms, The first floor features two bedrooms and a bathroom on the half- landing. Both rooms have built-in storage space, while the rear bedroom also has a balcony. The second floor offers two more bedrooms and another bathroom., 

Principal Bedroom, Bedroom, Bathroom, Bedroom, Outdoor Spaces, The house includes a large, west-facing garden with a paved patio, a lawn and a garden shed. It backs onto the open spaces of Ravenscourt Park, giving further privacy. There is also a front garden separating the house from the street and a rear balcony with views across the park., 

Garden View, The Neighbourhood, Ravenscourt Road is a quiet cul-de-sac situated in Brackenbury Village. This is a village-like collection of residential streets in Hammersmith, containing cafes, restaurants and independents boutiques. From here, Ravenscourt Road station is close, while Hammersmith station is also nearby. In addition, the Thames path is a short distance away: the perfect place for walking, cycling and running. The neighbourhood is also well-served with schools., 

Exterior,