Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/riverside-one,

Riverside One, Battersea,SW11, Riverside One,Battersea,SW11, An exceptional wide joined lateral flat in a celebrated modern development with spectacular views of the Thames and Chelsea, £5,950,000, Asking price, $7,674,290, €7,080,454, ¥1,181,302,314, AED 28,187,668, SAR 28,789,033, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 5, Bathrooms, 4, Internal, 3,861, sq ft, 358, sqm, Outdoor, –, EPC, C, Tenure, Leasehold, Length of lease left:91 years, Ground rent:£800 p/y, Service charge:£31883 p/y, Council Tax, Wandsworth Council,H, Map, Floorplan, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/HvSnrHgNGq9g7uouvLT88ltuanw=/16499/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/41_43_Riverside_One-07.jpg, The Property, Two connected apartments offering five bedrooms, air conditioning, underground parking and 24-hour security., 

The property consists of two adjacent apartments occupying the entire river front. Entering the first flat on the fourth floor, the front hall leads through to a bright reception room. As well as separate dining and seating areas, this room has floor-to-ceiling glass windows with spectacular views over the Thames. Next door is a convenient fitted kitchen., 

Indoor Spaces, A pair of double doors flow through to the large reception room of the second apartment. This space offers an open-plan kitchen with a central island and breakfast bar, as well as its own dining and seating areas overlooking the river., 

The Bedrooms, This side of the flat also contains a pair of bedrooms, one with an ensuite bathroom, inbuilt storage space and river views., 

The principal bedroom has a well-proportioned ensuite bathroom with bath and shower, as well as south-facing windows bringing in light throughout the day. Next door is another bedroom with an ensuite bathroom and walk-in wardrobe. A third bedroom can be found on the other side, along with a guest WC in the hall., 

The Design, These modern apartments have been tastefully decorated with contemporary interiors. Plans exist to reconfigure the two flats into one unique apartment with a generous living area and principal bedroom overlooking the river. However, the two properties are presented in excellent condition and could be kept as separate dwellings., 

Riverside One is a modern development in Battersea overlooking the Thames. It was designed by the world-famous architect Norman Foster and offers a porter, lifts, 24-hour security and underground parking. This property has access to four parking places., 

The Neighbourhood, From Riverside One, the open spaces of Battersea Park are close. In addition, the Albert Bridge leads across the Thames to the King’s Road, meaning the many restaurants and shops of Chelsea are within easy reach.,