Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/roland-way,

Roland Way, South Kensington,SW7, Roland Way,South Kensington,SW7, Sophisticated mews house with roof terrace, lift, and parking, £3,950,000, Asking price, $5,094,697, €4,700,469, ¥784,225,906, AED 18,712,822, SAR 19,112,047, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 3, Bathrooms, 2, Internal, 1,885, sq ft, 175, sqm, Outdoor, 473, sq ft, EPC, C, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Beautifully designed three-bedroom house, on a gated mews close to Gloucester Road underground station, Entertaining Space, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/XioIei_RVXfj7W0t9CzcFkMgU6c=/16023/fill-1440x960%7Cformat-webp/4_Roland_Way-14.jpg, Reception Room, Entertaining Space, Reception Room, Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the ground floor, the entrance hall leads through to a generous reception room with an internal balcony overlooking the floor below. In addition, this floor contains a study area, a spectacular cantilever staircase, and a guest loo., 

The lower ground floor features an open-plan kitchen with a central island, breakfast bar and Miele appliances. It communicates with a generous dining area and an additional utility room., 

Breakfast Bar, Dining Area, Modern Kitchen, Breakfast Bar, Dining Area, Modern Kitchen, The Bedrooms, The first floor is entirely occupied by the principal bedroom suite. This includes a well-proportioned dressing room, an ensuite bathroom/steamroom by C.P. Hart, and a bedroom with a Juliet balcony. The second floor features two more bedrooms sharing a bathroom., 

Principal Bedroom, Dressing Room, Bedroom, Office, The Design, Unusually for a mews house, the property has windows on both sides, ensuring brightness throughout the day. In addition, it was extensively renovated to an exceptionally high standard., 

Features include: air conditioning and underfloor heating throughout; central control for the lighting, sound, blinds and televisions; double glazed windows, bespoke furniture designed by Hyperion Furniture, and an internal lift connecting the four levels of the house., 

Outdoor Spaces & The Neighbourhood, The property offers a spacious roof terrace with an outdoor kitchen. In addition, there is a reserved parking place in front of the property with an electric car charging point., 

Roland Way is a gated and cobbled mews lined with picturesque houses painted pastel colours. It leads between Old Brompton Road and Roland Gardens. From here, the many restaurants and shops of the Fulham Road are close. In addition, Gloucester Road underground station is close, while the world-class cultural institutions of South Kensington are also nearby., 

Exterior, Roof Terrace, Exterior, Roof Terrace,