Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/south-eaton-place-2,

South Eaton Place, Belgravia,SW1W, South Eaton Place,Belgravia,SW1W, Beautiful five-bedroom house with two studies, a terrace and garden, £4,950,000, Asking price, $6,384,494, €5,890,461, ¥982,764,110, AED 23,450,245, SAR 23,950,540, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 5, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 2,564, sq ft, 238, sqm, Outdoor, 945, sq ft, EPC, D, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, Westminster City,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, A white stucco family home with elegant and eclectic interiors, Stepping into the house on the ground floor, the entrance hall leads through to a double reception room, which includes a pair of classical fireplaces, high ceilings and an elegant cornice. At the far end is a morning sitting area with a conservatory-style roof, facing south-west and filling the space with light. Furthermore, this level contains a study with double French doors leading out into the garden., 

Double Reception Room, Indoor Spaces, Downstairs is a well-proportioned kitchen with a central island. It communicates with the dining room, while another set of double French doors open onto the garden. This floor also contains additional storage space and a room with an attached WC that could be used as a gym., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/dz71zAobxE8mZteZMmWWmThX3ts=/17662/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/MDP2818_-_South_Eaton_Place_SW1-8.jpg, The Bedrooms, The first floor is almost entirely occupied by the principal bedroom suite, made up of bedroom, ensuite bathroom and corridor wardrobe. A room on the half-landing with garden views could be used as either a bedroom or an office. The second floor offers another bedroom with ensuite bathroom, while the half landing gives access to the roof terrace. The third floor features two more bedrooms and a shared bathroom., 

Principal Bedroom, The Design, The property is decorated in a traditional style, to suit the historic setting. Colourful furnishings and patterned wallpaper add to the brightness and charm of the interiors., 

Outdoor Spaces, The property includes a south-west facing garden with paving, planted flowerbeds and enough space for outdoor seating. It also includes a terrace with wooden decking and garden views., 

Balcony, The Neighbourhood, South Eaton Place is an impressive street running south from Eaton Square. It is lined with white stucco terrace houses built in the Victoria era. From here, Sloane Square underground station is a short walk away, while Victoria Station is also close. The restaurants and shops of Chelsea are within easy reach, while nearby Orange Square hosts a popular farmers’ market each weekend.,