Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/st-leonards-terrace-2,

St Leonards Terrace, Chelsea,SW3, St Leonards Terrace,Chelsea,SW3, Enchanting four bedroom house with off-street parking evoking all the charm of old Chelsea, £7,500,000, Asking price, $9,673,475, €8,924,942, ¥1,489,036,530, AED 35,530,674, SAR 36,288,697, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 4, Bathrooms, 4, Internal, 2,885, sq ft, 268, sqm, Outdoor, 483, sq ft, –, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Beautiful and historic Grade II listed family home with wonderful views and a wisteria-covered facade, Entering the house on the ground floor, the front door opens onto a reception room. An ornate cornice and a moulded fireplace give a sense of elegance to this space. Meanwhile, a second door leads through to the fitted kitchen, with a breakfast area at the far end. Floor-to-ceiling windows with stained glass panes surround this orangery-like space, while double French doors lead onto the terrace. This floor also features a bathroom with its own terrace access., 

Drawing Room, Sitting Room, Drawing Room, Sitting Room, Indoor Spaces, Downstairs you will find an informal reception room, a utility room with separate street access, and additional storage space. Furthermore, this floor contains a bedroom with an ensuite bathroom and garden views., 

The first floor is almost entirely occupied by an elegant drawing room with lofty ceilings. Full length French windows lead out onto a south-easting facing front balcony, and thanks to the property’s position, it has unique views over the playing fields of Burton Court towards the magnificent Royal Chelsea Hospital. Another French door on the far side gives access to the rear terrace, with unobstructed views over the surrounding gardens. A study completes this level., 

Sitting Room, The Bedrooms, The second floor is taken up with the principal bedroom suite, including a bedroom, a dressing room and an ensuite bathroom. The third floor offers two more bedrooms, sharing a bathroom., 

Principal Bedroom, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/3kQ3wkef6ZrS0xWHDyowPMzP4oQ=/17683/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/MDP2810_-_St_Leonards_Terrace_SW3-25.jpg, The Design, The house is decorated in a traditional style to suit its historic location. It has been occupied by the same family for decades, reflected in the elegant and charming interiors. However, it also has the potential to be reimagined by future owners, Dining Room, Outdoor Spaces, The property includes a rear garden and a pair of rear terraces, one of them with steps leading down to the garden. In addition, off-street-parking is available in front of the house, while beautiful wisteria plants cover the façade, creating one of the most attractive properties in the neighbourhood., 

View of Burton Court, View of Burton Court, The Neighbourhood, St Leonard’s Terrace is a historic street lined with a mix of Georgian and Victorian houses. In the late nineteenth century the neighbourhood was popular with artists and writers: Bram Stoker, author of Dracula, lived just a few doors down. Today, it is one of the most desirable addresses in south-west London, with views across the parkland and pitches of Burton Court. In addition, the shops and restaurants of the King’s Road are a short walk away, while Sloane Square underground station is within easy reach., 

Exterior,