Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/thurloe-square-8,

Thurloe Square, South Kensington,SW7, Thurloe Square,South Kensington,SW7, Glorious seven-bedroom family home on a prestigious square in South Kensington, £10,950,000, Asking price, $14,123,274, €13,030,415, ¥2,173,993,333, AED 51,874,784, SAR 52,981,498, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 7, Bathrooms, 7, Internal, 5,276, sq ft, 490, sqm, Outdoor, 1,011, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Grade II listed townhouse with elegant interiors and access to a communal garden square, Entering the house on the ground floor, the front hall opens onto a central reception room. On one side is a formal dining room with a moulded ceiling and a full-length bay window. On the other side is an open-plan kitchen with a breakfast island and informal eating area. Double French doors lead out into the garden, while an overhead skylight brings added brightness into the room., 

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/4QktlYvMjiIRGs8YcBXJUcL4ZhE=/17956/fill-1440x960%7Cformat-webp/MDP2790_-_Thurloe_Square_SW7-1.jpg, Indoor Spaces, The first floor features an impressive drawing. Full-length French doors open onto the west-facing balcony and offer views across the square. This floor also contains a conservatory at the rear of the house, overlooking the garden., 

The Bedrooms, The second floor is entirely occupied by the principal bedroom. This includes a generous bathroom with considerable storage and a free-standing bathtub. The third floor offers two more bedrooms, both ensuite, as does the fourth floor., 

The lower ground floor consists of a pair of ensuite bedrooms, which could be used as staff flats. In addition, this floor contains a family room with a potential office and gym, a utility room and further storage space. There is also a lift connecting the lower four storeys., 

The Design, The house has grand proportions and elegant interiors to suits its historic location. However, it also had the potential to reimagined as a family home for new owners., 

The Neighbourhood, The property includes a rear garden with enough space for outdoor eating. In addition, residents have keys to access the communal gardens opposite – one of the few garden squares where dogs are allowed., 

Thurloe Square is a highly sought-after garden square close to South Kensington underground station. The square was developed in the 1820s, its houses mostly designed by George Basevi, a celebrated Victorian architect of the Gothic and Neoclassical styles. From here, the neighbourhood’s many outstanding museums and cultural institutions are close. In addition, the shops and restaurants of Chelsea and Knightsbridge are a short walk away, along with the open spaces of Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens.,