Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/thurloe-square-7,

Thurloe Square, South Kensington,SW7, Thurloe Square,South Kensington,SW7, Impressive house with elegant interiors on a prestigious square in South Kensington, £9,950,000, Asking price, $12,833,477, €11,840,422, ¥1,975,455,130, AED 47,137,361, SAR 48,143,005, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 5, Bathrooms, 5, Internal, 5,037, sq ft, 467, sqm, Outdoor, 832, sq ft, EPC, D, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/oN5updBDC_xbzyNw2mFYDhmBmRY=/13963/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/MDP2719_-_Thurloe_Square_SW7-12.jpg, Dining Room, The Property, Five bedroom townhouse with a lift, a light-filled conservatory and access to a communal garden square, Terrace, Entrance Hall, Terrace, Entrance Hall, Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the ground floor, the front hall leads through to a central staircase hall. On one side is a formal dining room, while the other side has an open-plan kitchen with an informal dining area. Floor-to-ceiling French windows open onto a terrace and fill the space with afternoon light., 

The first floor includes a double drawing room with high ceilings and full-length French doors giving access to the front balcony. In addition, this floor contains a beautiful rear conservatory with terraces on two sides., 

Kitchen, Conservatory, Kitchen, Conservatory, The Bedrooms, The second floor is entirely occupied by a principal bedroom with ensuite bathroom. This bathroom contains both a shower and a bath, while the room includes a pair of corridor wardrobes. The third floor contains two more bedrooms, both ensuite, while the fourth floor is entirely occupied by a studio bedroom and bathroom suite., 

Principal Bedroom, Bedroom, The Design, The house has been recently renovated and is presented in very good condition. The contemporary design gives a sense of light and space, as well as beauty and elegance throughout., 

Outdoor Spaces, Residents also have the right to access the communal garden square., 

The property benefits from generous terraces on the first and second floors. These terraces offer wooden decking, enough space for outdoor dining and views over neighbouring gardens. In addition, the front-facing balcony has views towards the Victoria and Albert Museum., 

Terrace, View, Terrace, View, The Neighbourhood, Thurloe Square is a highly sought-after garden square close to South Kensington underground station. The square was developed in the 1820s, its houses mostly designed by George Basevi, a celebrated Victorian architect of the Gothic and Neoclassical styles. From here, the neighbourhood’s many outstanding museums and cultural institutions are all nearby. In addition, the shops and restaurants of Chelsea and Knightsbridge are a short walk away, along with the open spaces of Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens.,