Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/warwick-gardens,

Warwick Gardens, Kensington,W14, Warwick Gardens,Kensington,W14, Impressive four-bedroom family home close to Kensington High Street, £4,500,000, Asking price, $5,804,085, €5,354,965, ¥893,421,918, AED 21,318,404, SAR 21,773,218, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 4, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 3,161, sq ft, 293, sqm, Outdoor, 1,779, sq ft, EPC, E, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/7WLT6up9KiOl9a5ZCVtGojkcTLk=/9562/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/11_Warwick_Gardens_-_Floorplan.jpg, The Property, Beautiful white stucco semi-detached house with a pair of generous gardens, within walking distance of Holland Park., 

Reception Room, Indoor Spaces, Entering the house on the raised ground floor, the front hall opens onto the main reception room. This is a wide space, which also occupies the entire length of the house, with a double aspect provided by the front and rear windows. In addition, the rear windows open onto a balcony with garden views, while stained glass panes on the front window add a sense of elegance. At the far end of the house is a family room with a vaulted ceiling, which is part of a spacious extension., 

Entertaining Spaces, Downstairs, on the lower ground floor, there is an open-plan kitchen with a central island and attached dining room. A set of bifolding windows at the end of the dining open onto the garden. This floor also contains a utility room, storage space, and a bedroom with next-door bathroom., 

Kitchen, Dining Room, Dining Leading out into Garden, The Bedrooms, The first-floor is almost entirely occupied by the principal bedroom suite. As well as a garden-facing bedroom, there is a well-proportioned bathroom and a walk-in wardrobe. In addition, this floor contains a study on the half-landing., 

The second floor includes two more bedrooms and a shared bathroom., 

Bedroom, Principal Bathroom, Bedroom, Principal Bathroom, Outdoor Spaces, The property offers a rear garden with a large lawn, planted flowerbeds and a paved area for outdoor dining. In addition, there is a fenced front garden providing some separation from the street. Finally, a pair of rear-facing balconies give views over the garden., 

Garden, Balcony View, Large Garden, Garden, Balcony View, Large Garden, The Neighbourhood, Warwick Gardens is lined with a mix of early Victorian villas with white stucco facades, as well as Revival style mansion blocks. The street was once home to the writer G.K. Chesterton, who created the Father Brown mysteries. Today, Warwick Gardens is conveniently positioned for the shops, restaurants and underground station of Kensington High Street. In addition, the entrance to Holland Park is a short walk away. The area is also well-served with local schools.,