Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/albert-hall-mansions,

Albert Hall Mansions, South Kensington,SW7, Albert Hall Mansions,South Kensington,SW7, Magnificent four/five-bedroom lateral flat with spectacular views of the Royal Albert Hall, £7,200,000, Asking price, $9,286,536, €8,567,944, ¥1,429,475,069, AED 34,109,447, SAR 34,837,149, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 4–5, Bathrooms, 4, Internal, 3,446, sq ft, 320, sqm, Outdoor, –, EPC, D, Tenure, Share of freehold, Length of lease left:983 years, Ground rent:£0 p/y, Service charge:£0 p/y, Council Tax, Westminster City,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Grand flat in a prestigious mansion block with 24-hour concierge moments away from Kensington Gardens, Entering the flat on the fourth floor, a long entrance hall connects the main rooms of the property. At the far end, a door opens onto a double reception room with high ceilings and west-facing French doors that fill the space with light and open onto a balcony. This impressive space flows through to a tasteful dining room, while both rooms offer moulded walls and ornate fireplaces., 

Dining Room, Kitchen, Dining Room, Kitchen, The Bedrooms, This side of the flat also contains three ensuite bedrooms. The principal bedroom includes a south-facing bay window, an ensuite bathroom with a bath and built-in storage space. There are two more bedrooms next door, both of them ensuite., 

Indoor Spaces, The flat has exceptionally generous lateral proportions and – unusually for this building – no internal aspects. It is decorated in an elegant classical style to suit the historic location., 

The other side of the flat includes a fitted kitchen with a breakfast bar and informal eating area. It also features a TV room, a utility room, a bedroom, a fourth bathroom and a study that could equally be used as a fifth bedroom., 

The Neighbourhood, The long west-facing balcony has spectacular views towards the Royal Albert Hall and enough space for outdoor seating., 

Albert Hall Mansions was designed by Norman Shaw, one of most celebrated architects of the late Victorian period. This beautiful mansion block was constructed from red brick in 1879, with an impressive central staircase, as well as a 24-hour concierge service and a lift. The mansion blocks surrounding the Royal Albert Hall were some of the first in London. They are uniquely well-positioned for the world-class cultural venues of South Kensington, as well as the celebrated restaurants and shops of Kensington High Street. In addition, the green spaces of Hyde Park are opposite the building, while South Kensington and Gloucester Road underground stations are within walking distance.,