Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/benham-house,

Image: https://admin.russellsimpson.co.uk/images/D3I26OPzqSAMjpflVxagnpv6l8E=/7385/format-webp%7Cwidth-1440/35_Benham_House_SW10-4.jpg, Benham House, Chelsea,SW10, Benham House,Chelsea,SW10, Sublime five-bedroom penthouse flat in contemporary Chelsea development with swimming pool and private parking, £7,350,000, Asking price, $9,480,006, €8,746,443, ¥1,459,255,799, AED 34,820,060, SAR 35,562,923, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 6, Bathrooms, 7, Internal, 4,064, sq ft, 377, sqm, Outdoor, –, EPC, C, Tenure, Leasehold, Length of lease left:976 years, Ground rent:£0 p/yPeppercorn, Service charge:£31712 p/y, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Modern flat with stylish contemporary interiors and numerous terraces in a sought-after development off the Fulham Road, The Bedrooms, The entrance to the flat is on the penthouse floor. This level contains four bedrooms, including a principal bedroom with walk-in wardrobe, an ensuite bathroom with both shower and bath, and beautiful views over the landscaped grounds. There are three more bedrooms on this floor, all of them ensuite and with terrace access. In addition, bifolding doors open from the landing onto the terrace., 

Indoor Spaces, The fifth floor centres on grand entrance hall with marble flooring. On one side is a formal dining room, on the other side a study with considerable storage space. Meanwhile, the expansive reception room has a double height ceiling and sliding French doors on either side, filling the space with light., 

Also on this floor, the generous kitchen features a central island breakfast bar and an informal dining area. There are two more ensuite bedrooms, one with a dressing room and an ensuite bathroom with a bath. Finally, this floor features a utility room and a guest WC, as well as comfort cooling throughout the flat., 

The Design, The flat features several spacious terraces. Those on the eastern side also offer garden views, This property was previously two separate apartments, which accounts for its exceptional scale. Its sophisticated contemporary interiors are finished to a high level, while the light-filled rooms give a sense of space and calm., 

Outdoor Spaces, The flat features several spacious terraces. Those on the eastern side also offer garden views, The Neighbourhood, Coleridge Gardens occupies the grounds of the former St Mark’s College. From here, the restaurants and shops of the Fulham Road are close, while Fulham Broadway underground station is also nearby., 

Benham House is part of the sought-after Coleridge Gardens development. The building offers residents 24-hour gated security, porters and a concierge service, a swimming pool and health spa, gym, sauna, steam room and tennis court. There is also private parking for two cars and 7.5 acres of private gardens.,