Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/egerton-gardens-4,

Egerton Gardens, Chelsea,SW3, Egerton Gardens,Chelsea,SW3, Newly renovated lateral penthouse flat with exceptional views and communal garden access, £7,750,000, Asking price, $9,995,924, €9,222,440, ¥1,538,671,081, AED 36,715,030, SAR 37,498,320, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 3–3, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 1,902, sq ft, 176, sqm, Outdoor, 341, sq ft, EPC, C, Tenure, Share of freehold, Length of lease left:991 years, Ground rent:£0 p/y, Service charge:£0 p/y, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Spacious three-bedroom lateral duplex apartment with immaculate turnkey interiors in the heart of Knightsbridge., 

The fifth floor is entirely occupied by a sublime living area. This includes separate dining and seating spaces, as well as a bespoke open-plan kitchen with Gaggenau appliances and a discreet utility room behind. Double French doors on both sides of the room lead out onto terraces, combining with the overhead skylights and wooden floors to create a bright and graceful room with beautiful views., 

Drawing Room, Indoor Spaces, This unusually large lateral flat has been newly renovated by the award-winning tJubilee Partners. It includes air conditioning throughout and a fully integrated smart home system. The property is finished to the highest standard and presented in turnkey condition., 

Entrance Hall, Kitchen Details, Principal Bedroom, Entrance Hall, Kitchen Details, Principal Bedroom, The Bedrooms, Stepping into the flat on the fourth floor, the door opens onto a generous entrance hall. This floor contains three bedroom suites, including a principal bedroom with ample wardrobes and a well-proportioned ensuite bathroom. The other two bedrooms are also ensuite, with marble bathrooms adding to the sense of elegance. A study, a guest bathroom and further storage space complete this floor., 

Outdoor Spaces, Residents also have the right to access the communal gardens. The building has a lift that leads directly to the apartment entrance., 

The flat includes a pair of terraces. The larger of the two faces south-east and features a seating area, an outdoor kitchen and spectacular panoramic views over Egerton Crescent and the central London skyline. A second terrace on the other side of the building looks towards Alexander Square and the Baroque splendour of the London Oratory., 

Terrace, Terrace, Terrace, Terrace, The Neighbourhood, Egerton Gardens is lined with beautiful red brick Victorian houses, many of them built by Alexander Thorn in 1886. The street is exceptionally well-positioned, moments from the restaurants and shops of Knightsbridge and Walton Street. Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens are likewise nearby., 

Communal Garden,