Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/ovington-square-2,

Ovington Square, Chelsea,SW3, Ovington Square,Chelsea,SW3, Exquisite three-bedroom triplex with feature staircase on a historic Knightsbridge garden square, £5,750,000, Asking price, $7,416,331, €6,842,455, ¥1,141,594,673, AED 27,240,183, SAR 27,821,334, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 3, Bathrooms, 3, Internal, 3,359, sq ft, 312, sqm, Outdoor, 516, sq ft, EPC, C, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,H, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Elegant Grade II listed family home with white stucco façade and south-west facing terrace, Stepping into this elegant house on the ground floor, the front door opens onto a large entrance hall. On one side is a front reception room with high ceilings and full-length sash windows overlooking the garden square. On the other side is a second reception room, with a pair of French doors opening onto two rear balconies., 

Entrance Hall, Tv Snug, Entrance Hall, Tv Snug, The Bedrooms, The first floor features a generous principal bedroom with an ensuite bathroom. This room also has high ceilings and windows leading onto a front balcony. Meanwhile the second ensuite bedroom on this floor is flooded with light from a pair of French doors giving access to the rear terrace., 

Principal Bedroom, Ensuite Shower, Indoor Spaces, The lower ground floor centres on a spacious fitted kitchen with a central island breakfast bar. This space remains bright throughout the day thanks to overhead skylights. Furthermore, this floor offers an ensuite bedroom, a guest WC, separate street access and a pair of storage vaults., 

Dining Space, Kitchen, Dining Space, Kitchen, The Design, This spacious house is decorated in an elegant style and presented in very good condition. The traditional decoration accentuates the historic setting, mixed with modern convenience such as air conditioning. Its modern spiral staircase has been cleverly designed to bring light to each level of the house and create a striking feature., 

Outdoor Spaces, The property includes a south-west facing rear terrace with wooden decking and enough space for outdoor seating. There is also a front balcony with views over the communal garden square. Residents also have the right to access the communal garden, Terrace, Terrace, The Neighbourhood, Ovington Square was named after Ovington House in Hampshire and developed between 1844 – 1850. Its white stucco townhouses are decorated with Italianate designs and have been home to a range of historic characters. This includes the publisher of Charles Dickens, the mother of Oscar Wilde, as well as socialites, aristocrats, and one of London’s Buddhist temples. From here, South Kensington underground station is a short walk away, while Knightsbridge station is also close. In addition, the restaurants and shops of Knightsbridge and Chelsea are within easy reach. Finally, the open spaces of Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens are nearby.,