Property_link: https://www.russellsimpson.co.uk/buy/wallingford-avenue,

Wallingford Avenue, Kensington,W10, Wallingford Avenue,Kensington,W10, Bright and beautiful house moments away from Kensington Memorial Park, £2,900,000, Asking price, $3,761,095, €3,451,110, ¥594,827,591, AED 13,814,503, SAR 14,106,890, Stamp Duty, Brochure, Share, Bedrooms, 5, Bathrooms, 4, Internal, 2,484, sq ft, 230, sqm, Outdoor, 67, sq ft, –, Tenure, Freehold, Council Tax, RBKC,G, Map, Floorplan, The Property, Elegantly designed five bedroom family home with light-filled interiors and a west-facing garden, Indoor Spaces, Stepping into the house on the ground floor, the entrance hall leads through to a well-proportioned living space. This includes a fitted kitchen and dining area, which open directly onto the utility room. Bifolding French doors, overhead skylights and an internal patio ensure this room is filled with natural light throughout the day. This floor also contains a comfortable front reception room with a working fireplace., 

The Bedrooms, The first floor offers three bedrooms in total. The principal bedroom has an ensuite bathroom and garden views, while the two more bedrooms share another bathroom. The second floor features a fourth bedroom, this one ensuite., 

The lower ground floor features a final bedroom with ensuite bathroom. In addition, this floor includes a family television room and a guest loo., 

The Design, The whole house has been carefully designed to create bright and stylish spaces. In particular, the staircase uses open landings and transparent floors so that light cascades down from above. The property is presented in good condition, with all the comfort and convenience of a family home., 

Outdoor Spaces, The house includes a generous west-facing garden with a lawn and paved seating area. In addition, the front garden gives added separation from the street., 

The Neighbourhood, Wallingford Avenue is a quiet and leafy street lined with picturesque terraces of red-brick houses. From here, Kensington Memorial Park is close, with its tennis courts and playing fields. In addition, Latimer Road station is a short walk away, while Ladbroke Grove is also nearby. Finally, the area is well supplied with schools for a range of ages.,